feat(web-modeler): add basic-auth support (#5631)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/idp/idp-applications.md

## Create an IDP application

> :::warning
> Clusters with basic authentication or client credentials authentication are currently not supported for IDP applications.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
Clusters configured to use basic authentication or client credentials authentication are currently not supported for use with IDP applications.
:::
```

Reviewer: Suggested change to a caution instead of warning - could also link to the config documentation as well perhaps?

> :::

Reviewer: Agreed, resolved in latest commit 👍
